Hello.  I'm Joe Haffey and I'm a computer nerd.  I used to be a truck driver by day but major issues with my heart put an end to my driving career.  I've been messing around with computers since the days of Windows 95 as a hobby.  My first computer kept crashing and locking up on me and when they finally came up with Windows 98, I felt a surge of relief.  Because of Windows 95, I was forced to learn DOS, system administration, and crash recovery.  Eventually I began to dabble a little in programming.  In 2007, I was turned onto Linux and the world of open source software.  I got a MacBook Pro as part of a college program I was in and I was impressed with it.  Now between Mac and Linux, I will never go back to Windows.  EVER!!!!! 

I've decided to become a multimedia specialist.  In my new occupation, I will focus on web design and development but also incorporate skills from graphic design, music production, photo editing, and video editing.  This is so I can adjust these elements to fit on a web page.  This is what I do during the day.  By night, I'm a musician who is getting ready to release his debut album.  (Up until about four years ago I was a guitar player but arthritis in my hands put a stop to that).  Now I make music with my computer.  My side hustle is trading in the financial markets.  Right now I just do stocks but I intend to branch out into options, futures, and commodities. 

I've decided to make Python my first language.  I'm using Python because it tends to be forgiving of mistakes, unlike languages like C (which I know a little of)  Thank you Guido Von Rossum!!!!!  The other languages I will learn are PHP, Ruby, Javascript, SQL, HTML, and CSS.  Plus, I'm trying to find sources of information about web server administration and web hosting and I have a reseller account with Resellers Panel.  

I don't want to be spoon fed, but if any of you can point me to sources of information, I will be obliged. In return, I license my code under the GNU GPL v3 license so you cna do whatever you want with it.  Happy hacking.  :-)
